we all remember that one moment that
made us believe
that game is filled with stories of
legends and how they were born but this
is not that story
well you just watching me sleep again
boy you are better than cable women now
was born I use everything I got on this
turnip you lost our superstar to another
coach what's the smell got a grudge this
is the perfect opportunity for dance to
meet up with drew the greatest black top
player ever fear my life oh my nuts Oh
Joe what oh you wanna be's our head
won't play like Joe
some more like you kick a ban of old
school with the new scopes gotta be my
team my roster yes got a gameboy
electronic book Mona gotta get the boys
Jews putting the scar doctor yup pass
the ball Kobe do you told me these dudes
can play this dude he's a karate man
[Applause]
how's that geriatric team of yours you
get them all individual life alert
bracelets still don't believe dude I got
each of you a little something so we
don't ball
don't play the game right way fixes
everything
get that out of here this is the moment
you're gonna run away from it are you
gonna step up and take
I keep buckets
[Applause]
[Music]
he's tall enough to ride the bike that
my man put in them
[Music]